Add changelog entries for 10.1.2 10.0.5 9.5.7 (#5178)
citusdata/citus: CHANGELOG.md

### citus v10.1.2 (August 16, 2021) ###

* Allows more graceful failovers when replication factor > 1

* Fixes a bug that cause partitions to have wrong dist. key after DROP COLUMN

### citus v10.0.5 (August 16, 2021) ###

* Allows more graceful failovers when replication factor > 1

* Fixes a bug that cause partitions to have wrong dist. key after DROP COLUMN

* Improves citus_update_table_statistics and provides distributed deadlock
  detection

### citus v9.5.7 (August 16, 2021) ###

* Allows more graceful failovers when replication factor > 1

> * Fixes a bug that cause partitions to have wrong dist. key after DROP COLUMN

Reviewer: For all three:

```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that causes partitions to have wrong distribution key after `DROP COLUMN`
```

Author: I also made this entry multiline as it passed 80 character limit.

> * Improves citus_update_table_statistics and provides distributed deadlock

Reviewer: Only for v9.5.7, since I don't think we replaced `master_` with `citus_` in Citus 9.5):

```suggestion
* Improves master_update_table_statistics and provides distributed deadlock
```
